# Website Content

Created: March 2, 2022 9:12 PM

# Define the Project

### Who is the Website For?

For myself — just as a personal project.

### What is the Website For?

Provides information to give directive on what climate change is, what causes it, and what people can do.

Goal is to get people to take action against climate change.

### Who is the Target Audience?

The target audience is the general public — can be anyone: young/old.

Not targeting a specific demographic of people.

# Sections

-   Navigation Bar
-   Header
    -   Tagline: Climate Change: You are not the Problem. But we are a part of it
-   Climate Change: What is it?
    -   Pre-Heading: Background
-   Understand the Problem
    -   Pre-Heading: Causes / Modern Industrial Society is inherently destructive
-   It’s more complex than you think
    -   Pre-Heading: Gray Areas
-   See what leaders have to say
    -   Pre-heading: Quotes
-   You can make change
    -   Pre-Heading: Take Action
-   Footer Sections:
    -   Logo
    -   Address
    -   Copyright
    -   Climate Change Links
    -   My Socials

# Website Personality

**Serious/Elegant + Calm/Peaceful —** focus on Calm/Peaceful

| Overview | Serious/Elegant: Design for luxury, based on thin serif typefaces, golden or pastel colors, and big high-quality images
Calm/Peaceful: For products and services that care about the consumer, which is transmitted by calming pastel colors and soft serif headings |
| --- | --- |
| Industries | Serious/Elegant: Real estate, fashion, jewelry, luxury products or services
Calm/Peaceful: Healthcare, all products with focus on consumer well-being |
| Typography | Soft serif typefaces used for headings, but sans serif headings might be used too (for software products) |
| Colors | Pastel color — any color that has just enough white mixed into it to look pale and soft while maintaining its colorful personality
Pastel/washed-out colors: light oranges, yellows, browns, greens, blues
Black, dark blue, or grey |
| Images | Images and illustrations are usual, matching calm color palette |
| Icons | Icons are quite frequent |
| Shadows | Usually no shadows, but might be used sparingly |
| Border-Radius | Some border-radius is usual |
| Layout | All kinds of layouts, no particular tendencies |

## Primary Palette:

Emerald: #064e3b , #065f46

Blue: #0c4a6e , #075985 , #dbeafe

Secondary Palette: #0f172a , #000 , ##1e293b , #e2e8f0

Alert: #34d399

## Typography:

# What is Climate Change?

Greenhouses gases trap heat in the atmosphere. Greenhouse gas emissions generated by human activities are trapping too much CO2 in the earth’s atmosphere. This is harming our planet and causing global temperatures to increase.

Climate change refers to changes in average global weather conditions.

CO2 - Through burning of fossil fuels (coal, natural gas, oil), solid waste, trees, and other biological material.

Methane (CH4) — emitted through production and transport of coal, natural gas, and oil; emissions result from livestock and agricultural practices, land use, and decay of organic wastes

Nitrous Oxide (N2O) — During agricultural, land use, industrial activities, combustion of fossil fuels and solid waste, treatment of wastewater

Effects of Climate Change:

Poor air quality

Longer Droughts

Increased Flooding and rising oceans

Frequent cold and heat waves

Stronger storms, cyclones, and hurricanes

Ecosystems dying

# Understand the Problem

Modern industrial society is inherently destructive to the planet — the food we eat, the clothes we wear, the gadgets we use, the way we move around. Fixing one small part of the system is not enough.

Major Polluters:

Energy: 30% of contributors; coal is significant most contributor

Agriculture: Beef production and Dairy Products

13-18% of carbon emissions

Transport: Cars and Planes

20% of carbon emissions — commercial freight and passenger travel

Fashion Industry: 10% of emissions

# It’s more complex than you think

Poverty vs Prosperity

Richer people contribute to more emissions

But, 63% of global emissions come from low to middle income countries — people trying to escape poverty and get to a comfortable lifestyle. Creates unavoidable emissions. Can’t meet basic needs.

Agriculture and Food Production

Need to feed 10 billion people - can’t do that without greenhouse gases

Modern food production involves unavoidable emission of greenhouse gases — impossible to have zero-emission food.

57% of food emissions come from animal-based foods and they only make up 18% of global calories supply.

Systemic reality of global warming is bigger than one person can solve.

If you removed 100% of your emissions for the rest of your life, you would save one second worth of emissions from global energy sector.

# Take Action

Need to influence politicians who have influences.

Make politicians feel strongly that their success depends on tackling rapid change.

Vote out people who don’t respect climate change strategies.

Hold politicians accountable for implementing most effective climate change strategies — not wasting time banning plastic straws.

Change laws and incentivize deployment of existing technologies.

Invest in innovation in fields that don’t have great solutions.

Align industries to match needs to reduce carbon emissions — harsh punishments if they don’t abide.
